# Hotel Reservation system based on smart contract with web interface

## Aim and Importance of the Project
The aim of this Project to benefit from smart contracts, which is used today and completes its purpose in the best way, to affect positively from contract and avoid any negative situation for both sides. In this project smart contracts used to make hotel reservation in the way of a smart contract that creates safe environment between two persons since nowadays, when a person wants to get any service, they want to involve third person in the contract due to lack of trust and it is not the best and reliable way to make a contract. According to recent conditions, many secure problems and lack of confidence occur. Looking for an environment of trust even in the simplest services will be receive. As a result, it is hard to give money without even getting service at the hotel without any guarantees but at the same time, the hotel does not serve anything without getting any payment and it wants to block credit cards or gets low prepayment which is the best way to ensure the service provision in case of facing any negative situation and best way to away this problem is smart contracts. Under favor of smart contracts when people pay for the service, they get it contentedly without paying extra money, deposit etc. Also, with this contract people going to don’t have to share their personal information with any kind of hotel employee. This project also provides some bringing for example lack of cost for middleman’s, protection of privacy, decrease of hotel prices since some of the employees won’t be necessary anymore and the last one is the disappearance of insecurity for both sides. When people come to the hotel, they will select the room they want to use, pass the service payment to the recipient through the smart contract, and get the password of the room that they will use at the hotel and the number of days they have paid for room will be available on the password when the last day completed the password won’t going to work anymore.

To understand well, you can watch demo video or read ProjectReport that i uploaded.

## Used technologies and how it works
- XAMPP: For creating MySQL server
- Python: With flask library i was able to manage my database that holds rooms data and use them on HTML pages. 
- MetaMask: Provides us to manage our crypto wallets on google chrome as plugin.
- Truffle Ganache: Provides us to create a virtual ethereum net instead of using main ethereum network. It also provides 10 ethereum wallet with 100 eth that i used them with MetaMask provider.
- Web3js: It a Javascript library for using metamask on your HTML page and it made me able to reach deployed contract and its functions inside it. It is the core technology for developing this system.
